update: default behavior of automatic topic creation (#536)
aiven/aiven-docs: docs/products/kafka/howto/create-topics-automatically.md

import ConsoleLabel from "@site/src/components/ConsoleIcons"
import {ConsoleIcon} from "@site/src/components/ConsoleIcons"

Apache Kafka® can automatically create a topic if a message is produced to a topic that doesn’t already exist.

By default, Aiven for Apache Kafka enables automatic topic creation to remain compatible
with standard Apache Kafka configurations, making it useful for testing and development.
In production environments, **disable** automatic topic creation to avoid accidental topics

> created by typos, which can lead to disorganized topics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
created by typos, which can lead to a disorganized topic catalog.
```
